ecosystem-and-partnerships/business-partnerships/gauges.md, before:

# ⛽ Gauges

#### How to apply for a gauge?

We welcome all protocols to apply for a gauge for your desired token pair - here’s the process:

Step 1: Refer to the application template on our [governance forum](https://forum.pancakeswap.finance/t/gauges-application-guidelines/46)

Step 2: Start a new topic on the forum in the [‘Gauges’ Category](https://forum.pancakeswap.finance/c/gauges/) with the abovementioned format

Step 3: Discuss with PancakeSwap community members on the details of your proposal, ideally for a minimum of 48 hours

Step 4: The Kitchen will post individual Snapshot polls for compiled gauge applications every other Wednesday (Day 7 of every epoch).

Step 5: Each Snapshot poll will last for 48 hours. If it reaches 250,000 veCAKE quorum, and achieves >50% votes in approval, the gauge will be approved and added within 48 hours

Step 6: If a gauge is malicious or detrimental to the PancakeSwap ecosystem, the PancakeSwap Core Team can [reject / remove the gauge](../../governance-and-tokenomics/governance-new.md#veto)

Step 7: Once the gauge is added, veCAKE holders can start voting for the gauge in the same epoch

Step 8: Once the current epoch ends, and assuming the gauge receives some veCAKE votes, CAKE rewards will begin streaming to the underlying liquidity pool / position manager vault starting in the next epoch

Commit message:

GITBOOK-1138: Editing governance and gauges policy

ecosystem-and-partnerships/business-partnerships/gauges.md, after:

# ⛽ Gauges

{% hint style="info" %}
We are transitioning from vCAKE to veCAKE for our governance system. Before the full migration is done, not all information on this page will be accurate.
{% endhint %}

#### How to apply for a gauge?

We welcome all protocols to apply for a gauge for your desired token pair - here’s the process:

Step 1: Refer to the application template on our [governance forum](https://forum.pancakeswap.finance/t/gauges-application-guidelines/46)

Step 2: Start a new topic on the forum in the [‘Gauges’ Category](https://forum.pancakeswap.finance/c/gauges/) with the abovementioned format

Step 3: Discuss with PancakeSwap community members on the details of your proposal

Step 4: The Kitchen will review and add the gauge if it is appropriate

Step 5: If a gauge is malicious or detrimental to the PancakeSwap ecosystem, the PancakeSwap Core Team can [reject / remove the gauge](../../governance-and-tokenomics/governance-new.md#veto)

Step 6: Once the gauge is added, veCAKE holders can start voting for the gauge in the same epoch

Step 7: Once the current epoch ends, and assuming the gauge receives some veCAKE votes, CAKE rewards will begin streaming to the underlying liquidity pool / position manager vault starting in the next epoch
