ecosystem-and-partnerships/ambassador-program/faqs-page.md, before:

# ❓ FAQs Page

### **What are the requirements to become a PancakeSwap ambassador?**

Requirements to become a PancakeSwap ambassador vary, but generally include having an active social media presence, experience in the cryptocurrency space, a good understanding of the PancakeSwap project and its features, and a passion for community building.

### **How do I apply to become a PancakeSwap ambassador?**

To apply to become a PancakeSwap ambassador, visit this page (link to a sub-page with the application forms)  and fill out the corresponding application form.\
\


### **How long does the ambassador program last?**

There is no plan to have an ending date for the Ambassador Program, at least for the moment.&#x20;

### &#x20;**What are the benefits of being a PancakeSwap ambassador?**

Ambassadors will be rewarded for their contributions and efforts. Join the PancakeSwap family and have fun!

###

### **How is ambassador performance evaluated?**

Ambassador performance is evaluated based on their level of engagement with the community, the quality of their content, and their ability to help grow the PancakeSwap ecosystem.



### **How many ambassadors are selected for the program?**

The number of ambassadors selected for the program varies depending on the specific categories, moments, metrics, and other topics measured by PancakeSwap.

### &#x20;**How can I get support if I have questions or issues as an ambassador?**

PancakeSwap Community Team will be there to help you in the process, so don’t worry!&#x20;

### &#x20;**Can I apply for the ambassador program again in the future?**

Yes, you can apply for the ambassador program again in the future if you meet the requirements and the program is still running.

### &#x20;**Who is going to contact me in case I’m selected for the program?**&#x20;

We will only contact profiles we’re interested in by Telegram PancakeSwap Ambassadors account (t.me/PancakeSwapAmbassadors). Be careful, no other account is official and it could be a SCAM 🚨

\

Commit message:

GITBOOK-1114: change request with no subject merged in GitBook

ecosystem-and-partnerships/ambassador-program/faqs-page.md, after:

# ❓ FAQs Page

### **What are the requirements to become a PancakeSwap ambassador?**

Requirements to become a PancakeSwap ambassador vary, but generally include having an active social media presence, experience in the cryptocurrency space, a good understanding of the PancakeSwap project and its features, and a passion for community building.

### **How do I apply to become a PancakeSwap ambassador?**

For the time being, we are not actively seeking new ambassadors. However, whenever a position becomes available, we will announce it. We highly appreciate the contributions to the community during your time as regular users, and we are always open to inviting individuals we deem suitable when opportunities arise.&#x20;

Feel free to reach out if you have any questions or if you would like to be considered in the future.

### **How long does the ambassador program last?**

There is no plan to have an ending date for the Ambassador Program, at least for the moment.&#x20;

### &#x20;**What are the benefits of being a PancakeSwap ambassador?**

Ambassadors will be rewarded for their contributions and efforts. Join the PancakeSwap family and have fun!

### **How is ambassador performance evaluated?**

Ambassador performance is evaluated based on their level of engagement with the community, the quality of their content, and their ability to help grow the PancakeSwap ecosystem.



### **How many ambassadors are selected for the program?**

The number of ambassadors selected for the program varies depending on the specific categories, moments, metrics, and other topics measured by PancakeSwap.

### &#x20;**How can I get support if I have questions or issues as an ambassador?**

PancakeSwap Community Team will be there to help you in the process, so don’t worry!&#x20;

### &#x20;**Can I apply for the ambassador program again in the future?**

Yes, you can apply for the ambassador program again in the future if you meet the requirements and the program is still running.

### &#x20;**Who is going to contact me in case I’m selected for the program?**&#x20;

We will only contact profiles we’re interested in by Telegram PancakeSwap Ambassadors account (t.me/PancakeSwapAmbassadors). Be careful, no other account is official and it could be a SCAM 🚨

\
