contact-us/business-partnerships.md, before:

# Business Partnerships

![](../.gitbook/assets/business-partnerships-header.png)

## Farms and Syrup Pools

Farms incentivize users to provide liquidity for your trading pair by distributing CAKE to your pair's LP Token holders.

Syrup Pools are a way of distributing your tokens to BSC users who stake CAKE in the pool.

These two products go hand-in-paw on PancakeSwap: when a project provides their tokens for a Syrup Pool, we'll also create a Farm. If you're looking to distribute tokens and incentivize liquidity, get in touch.

**​**[**Apply to run a Farm or Syrup Pool**](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfQNsAfh98SAfcqJKR3is2hdvMRdnvfd2F3Hql96vXHgIi3Bw/viewform)**​**

* Please don't email us to apply - we only respond to applications via the application form.&#x20;
* Please don't chase us for a response on your application. We have a constant backlog of quality projects reaching out to us.

### How long will it take to get a response?

We aim to respond to applications within a week, but due to a large number of requests, we’re unable to respond to every single applicant. If you don’t hear back from us within two weeks of applying, try reaching out to [@PancakeSwapBD](https://t.me/PancakeSwapBD) on Telegram, with **the name of your project, your token ticker, and the date you applied.**

### What’s the difference between a Core Farm VS Farm Auction

A Core Farm is usually offered to projects who have shown excellent trading volumes on PancakeSwap and have met the standards of our internal review process, while any project can participate in a Farm Auction and win a Farm slot.

### What are the qualifying criteria for Community VS Core?

Qualifying criteria for Community Farms and Core Farms/Pools are based on our internal review process. We don’t publish them externally. If you’re not eligible for a Core Farm, we may invite you to apply for a Community Farm instead.

### Can I get a larger Farm multiplier? Or can I extend my Syrup Pool and Farm?

If you’ve already got an ongoing Pool and Farm, you may be able to extend the timeline via a Boost Pool. If you wish to increase the multiplier, the team will consider it if the 30-day volume is increased. Contact us via your existing PancakeSwap communication channels for enquiries.

## IFOs (Token Sales)

"IFO" (Initial Farm Offering) is a new model of token sale pioneered by PancakeSwap. Here's how it works, in short:&#x20;

* Users buy your token with CAKE tokens.
* After the sale, we distribute the CAKE to you.

Learn more about [how IFOs work.](https://medium.com/pancakeswap/initial-farm-offering-ifo-3-0-ifo-staking-pool-622d8bd356f1)

[Apply to run an IFO](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf0Vmy3k0KyXtXwqxr8QLjD8Xd6KBAmkYxcBRRVTUYJVX17fA/viewform)

* Please don't email us to apply - we only respond to applications via the application form.&#x20;
* Please don't chase us for a response on your application. We have a constant backlog of quality projects reaching out to us.

### How long will it take to get a response?

We aim to respond to applications within a week, but due to a large number of requests, we’re unable to respond to every single applicant. If you don’t hear back from us within two weeks of applying, try reaching out to [@PancakeSwapBD](https://t.me/PancakeSwapBD) on Telegram, with **the name of your project, your token ticker, and the date you applied.**

## NFT Marketplace <a href="#exchange" id="exchange"></a>

[Apply to list](nft-market-applications.md#apply-for-nft-market-listing)

## Listing on the Exchange <a href="#exchange" id="exchange"></a>

### How can I list my token on the exchange?

Anybody can "list" any BEP-20 network token on PancakeSwap. You don't need to contact us or ask permission. You just need to [add liquidity to a liquidity pool](../products/pancakeswap-exchange/pancakeswap-pools.md) - that's it. Traders can then trade your token by entering your token's contract address.

### How can I add my token to the default list?

The top 100 list is generated according to the highest volume for a specific period of time. As for the Extended list: projects hosting Farms will usually be added, and other tokens chosen by PancakeSwap core team may also be added.

We don’t take applications for these lists. Users can still add your token manually by entering its contract address.

### How can I add my token's logo/icon?

Please add your icon to Trust Wallet’s assets repo, which PancakeSwap references: [https://github.com/trustwallet/assets](https://github.com/trustwallet/assets)

### Someone made a fake copy of my token! Can you block it?

Due to PancakeSwap’s nature as an AMM-based DEX, we’re not able to prevent the trading of any BEP-20 token. We recommend ensuring that your token contract is clearly visible and verifiable on your site, and educating your users about how to safely trade your token.

### People get an error when trading my token. What can I do?

Check our [Troubleshooting page](../help/troubleshooting.md) for a list of common errors on the exchange, and how to solve them.

## Something else

You can shoot us an email at info@pancakeswap.com if the above parts don't cover your questions.

Please don't try to contact us via this email for [customer support](customer-support.md), that's not what it's for and we won't respond: your best option for getting help with the product is via the [Telegram or Reddit community](telegram.md).

Commit message:

GitBook: [#835] add Info indexing FAQ

contact-us/business-partnerships.md, after:

# Business Partnerships

![](../.gitbook/assets/business-partnerships-header.png)

## Farms and Syrup Pools

Farms incentivize users to provide liquidity for your trading pair by distributing CAKE to your pair's LP Token holders.

Syrup Pools are a way of distributing your tokens to BSC users who stake CAKE in the pool.

These two products go hand-in-paw on PancakeSwap: when a project provides their tokens for a Syrup Pool, we'll also create a Farm. If you're looking to distribute tokens and incentivize liquidity, get in touch.

**​**[**Apply to run a Farm or Syrup Pool**](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfQNsAfh98SAfcqJKR3is2hdvMRdnvfd2F3Hql96vXHgIi3Bw/viewform)**​**

* Please don't email us to apply - we only respond to applications via the application form.&#x20;
* Please don't chase us for a response on your application. We have a constant backlog of quality projects reaching out to us.

### How long will it take to get a response?

We aim to respond to applications within a week, but due to a large number of requests, we’re unable to respond to every single applicant. If you don’t hear back from us within two weeks of applying, try reaching out to [@PancakeSwapBD](https://t.me/PancakeSwapBD) on Telegram, with **the name of your project, your token ticker, and the date you applied.**

### What’s the difference between a Core Farm VS Farm Auction

A Core Farm is usually offered to projects who have shown excellent trading volumes on PancakeSwap and have met the standards of our internal review process, while any project can participate in a Farm Auction and win a Farm slot.

### What are the qualifying criteria for Community VS Core?

Qualifying criteria for Community Farms and Core Farms/Pools are based on our internal review process. We don’t publish them externally. If you’re not eligible for a Core Farm, we may invite you to apply for a Community Farm instead.

### Can I get a larger Farm multiplier? Or can I extend my Syrup Pool and Farm?

If you’ve already got an ongoing Pool and Farm, you may be able to extend the timeline via a Boost Pool. If you wish to increase the multiplier, the team will consider it if the 30-day volume is increased. Contact us via your existing PancakeSwap communication channels for enquiries.

## IFOs (Token Sales)

"IFO" (Initial Farm Offering) is a new model of token sale pioneered by PancakeSwap. Here's how it works, in short:&#x20;

* Users buy your token with CAKE tokens.
* After the sale, we distribute the CAKE to you.

Learn more about [how IFOs work.](https://medium.com/pancakeswap/initial-farm-offering-ifo-3-0-ifo-staking-pool-622d8bd356f1)

[Apply to run an IFO](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf0Vmy3k0KyXtXwqxr8QLjD8Xd6KBAmkYxcBRRVTUYJVX17fA/viewform)

* Please don't email us to apply - we only respond to applications via the application form.&#x20;
* Please don't chase us for a response on your application. We have a constant backlog of quality projects reaching out to us.

### How long will it take to get a response?

We aim to respond to applications within a week, but due to a large number of requests, we’re unable to respond to every single applicant. If you don’t hear back from us within two weeks of applying, try reaching out to [@PancakeSwapBD](https://t.me/PancakeSwapBD) on Telegram, with **the name of your project, your token ticker, and the date you applied.**

## NFT Marketplace <a href="#exchange" id="exchange"></a>

[Apply to list](nft-market-applications.md#apply-for-nft-market-listing)

## Listing on the Exchange <a href="#exchange" id="exchange"></a>

### How can I list my token on the exchange?

Anybody can "list" any BEP-20 network token on PancakeSwap. You don't need to contact us or ask permission. You just need to [add liquidity to a liquidity pool](../products/pancakeswap-exchange/pancakeswap-pools.md) - that's it. Traders can then trade your token by entering your token's contract address.

### How can I add my token to the default list?

The top 100 list is generated according to the highest volume for a specific period of time. As for the Extended list: projects hosting Farms will usually be added, and other tokens chosen by PancakeSwap core team may also be added.

We don’t take applications for these lists. Users can still add your token manually by entering its contract address.

### How can I add my token's logo/icon?

Please add your icon to Trust Wallet’s assets repo, which PancakeSwap references: [https://github.com/trustwallet/assets](https://github.com/trustwallet/assets)

### Someone made a fake copy of my token! Can you block it?

Due to PancakeSwap’s nature as an AMM-based DEX, we’re not able to prevent the trading of any BEP-20 token. We recommend ensuring that your token contract is clearly visible and verifiable on your site, and educating your users about how to safely trade your token.

### People get an error when trading my token. What can I do?

Check our [Troubleshooting page](../help/troubleshooting.md) for a list of common errors on the exchange, and how to solve them.

### Why some statistics of my tokens are not shown on Info page?

Tokens need to have at least 10 BNB of liquidity in one of the following quoted token pairs for Info page to start indexing your pairs which will update the underlying token.

Pairs must include one of the following: WBNB, BUSD, USDT, USDC, BTCB or ETH

## Something else

You can shoot us an email at info@pancakeswap.com if the above parts don't cover your questions.

Please don't try to contact us via this email for [customer support](customer-support.md), that's not what it's for and we won't respond: your best option for getting help with the product is via the [Telegram or Reddit community](telegram.md).
